hello i am robert grants welcome
to the norm shot dot com and
today we will experiment with what
called while I call it
a blur in the spotlight
the world of zone of sharpness is the Japanese word
to achieve this we have prepared
playground reflective background material
divided on the blackboard the subject will be
serve crayons which is good
fit to illustrate this technique
still let's take a look at the highlight as
it is to highlight a small constant light
and let's start well, well, this is
backlight that shines on the left
used a simple lamp on the clamp one hundred
cotton power through this parchment
it is the main light and always better
start installing fixtures
alternately make it easier
adjust the balance so this one
light fixture will help us install
exposure
as you can see, I have already sketched some
composition here to make it look
interesting scattered pieces and so
we have a camera lens set to 70 200
millimeters zoom lens and after
experiments set the following
exposure ass 100 two-second
shutter speed f 18 aperture may seem
that the f-18 will expand too focus but because
the fact that it is a long focal lens
will be enough to erode forming
beech tree and so here is our first shot
looks pretty good now let's
let's take a god and now i'm behind
playgrounds are hanging invisible black
paper stretched to the floor two
lamp behind the paper aimed
on paper and straight on the table which is
it is a 200 watt lamp and now i'm
go around to the front and show you how
create god and well here I am again
in front
this is the front side of the paper you do not
such a huge piece of paper is required
can use card
smaller size it should be black
and now I am making a hole I decided
use ordinary pencil and
wooden stick from the grocery
store we need to punch holes
towards the camera so they
turned out to be straight behind the crayons so
making sure the direction is doing
hole
i use two different sizes because
that it creates a feeling of different
remoteness
forming a bouquet continue to perforate and you
do it there at your discretion
well now we have a background with
paper holes
through which light breaks from two
lamps forming points of light now we
will refocus to the foreground and
see how about the effect
bokeh
the background out of focus forms this
baggage is not a sparkling effect now
take a picture of the camera and see
that we will turn out great we
got a bug with small stellar
rays
let's see the placement
now you can see the placement completely
the camera is foreground
which is the table and the bokeh effect on
background side light left
three lamps on the terminals with a total capacity of 3
has become
one piece of parchment provide us
this effect is not the only way
creating bp but it's a good way
achieve the effect here is now I
I will do one last thing to add
colors securing the red light filter with
right side and blue light filter with
left side and in the middle of a small
a segment without a filter will add variety
also see that a brighter area
formed closer paper lamp a
the area of ​​the illuminated lamp is darker
therefore, a darker ce is formed.
and here is a bright book so you can
adjust the intensity to your
discretion
well now let's get the pictures
Well, the year the result looks great
bokeh effect of different colors in a pleasant
frame here you liked this video about
creating a book in the studio
a pair of lamps on the clips a piece of parchment
is achieved easily and just try
yourself and send pictures to our site we
with pleasure we will see them and see you on
our dot com translation is done
specifically for company photo
but